Generate docs - playbook integrations dependencies (#411)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed a bug in the **download** command when custom content contained not supported content entity.
* Fixed a bug in **format** command in which boolean strings  (e.g. 'yes' or 'no') were converted to boolean values (e.g. 'True' or 'False').
* **format** command now removes *sourceplaybookid* field from playbook files.

> * Fixed a bug in **generate-docs** command where the command didn't detect integration dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug in **generate-docs** command in which integration dependencies were not detected when generating documentation for a playbook.
```
